This is not code, but rather an accessible manifesto for a movement by all working people to do our part to accept the responsibility that our revolutionary founders called upon us to exercise. 

We are free today substantially, but the day will come when our Republic will be an impossibility. It will be an impossibility because wealth will be concentrated in the hands of a few. A Republic cannot stand upon bayonets, and when the day comes when the wealth of the nation will be in the hands of a few, then we must rely upon the wisdom of the best elements in the country to readjust the laws of the nations to the changed conditions.  - James Madison

The spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless... From the conclusion of this war we shall be going downhill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, therefore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to affect a due respect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a convulsion. - Thomas Jefferson

We are witnessing the death throes of financier capitalism. It will collapse under its own weight in the next few decades. We can either watch that happen passively as our society turns very bad, or else get off out butts and organize to implement a few relatively simple changes that the large majority of Americans can get on board with. The financier media has sold us on false issues and false solutions to divide us. That is how they work. That is how they attacked the laborist Nonpartisan League a century ago. The manifesto explains all that and explains the path forward, a market-based system in which workers get the value from their labor, in which the power of the financiers and military-industrial complex are broken and repleced with a system attentive to the needs and wants of all working Americans. We can implement this now without loads of money or lawlessness, just simple organization around a commonsense platform.
